Discord github action foundations (#4)
cfa-mit/github-notifications-for-discord-action: README.md

...
```

## Publish to a distribution branch

> Actions are run from GitHub repos so we will checkin the packed dist folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions are run from GitHub repos so we will check in the packed dist folder. 
```
